Include behavior when user account is deleted (#180)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.1/data-privacy/overview.mdx

It may be possible to access some data within your storage from the application interface - for example, viewing logs and reports generated in a pipeline run. However, this data is never stored within the platform's infrastructure.

### User deletion

> When a user account is deleted, the following happens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Platform user account is deleted, the following happens:
```

> - Their email is changed to `none@your-domain` and any runs and runs metadata associated with their account will display that email address going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user account email is changed to `none@your-domain`. Any runs and run metadata associated with the user account will then display that email address.
```

> - Their username is changed to `username-<timestamp of deletion>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The username is changed to `username-<timestamp of deletion>`.
```

> - All their memberships, including team memberships, are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All organization, workspace, and team memberships are deleted.
```

> - All tokens are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All access tokens are deleted.
```

> For Enterprise installations, in addition to the above: 

Reviewer: We should clarify that these deleted elements are from the user's personal workspace, not org workspaces.
